Update RN of v13.0.1 with a missing bugfix (#1517)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v13.0.1.md

* fixed bug that caused a problem with redirects in Runtime area;
* fixed bug that prevented saving configuration on projects with Azure as provider, if the corresponding project was empty;
* fixed a bug in the sshUrl management during service creation

> * fixed a bug that prevented to create Microservices from Marketplace without showing any error to the user

Author: ```suggestion
* fixed a bug that prevented to create Microservices from Marketplace Example or Templates if including interpolated variables in the Docker Image Name field; the issue was caused by some incorrect validations, that have been removed

```
